enjoy Dahabiya El Khedewi, This elegant Dahabiya Luxury cruise will take you slowly up the Nile to discover unforgettable time in Egypt with Facilities 1 suite with large bed + private bathroom + private balcony + 1 cabin large bed with private bathroom + 1 ”single” cabin with private bathroom (5 passengers)

Itinerary :
Day 1 – Sunday (preferred)
Luxor – Esna – Sailing to El Hegz

7:30. Departure from your hotel for the discovery of the Karnak temple: the god Amon reigned supreme in the pantheon of Egypt for nearly 2000 years. Each king wanted to build, at Karnak, its own building to the glory of God. The result? An abundance of elements from different periods, a fabulous page of history … Departure by road in the late morning to Esna, home port of our sandals. Welcome aboard! Welcome by the crew, discover of the vessel, installation. And off you go, the Sandal leaves the shore, you’re in the middle of the Nile. Lunch on board. Afternoon of quiet sailing with the wind. You begin to relax. Your overnight stop is El Hegz.

Day 2 – Monday
Navigation: El Hegz – Edfu – Fawaza

This morning, sailing to El Kab. Surrounded by a wall, in mud brick, built in the periods 747-332 BC, the city was founded as early as the Neolithic period. Walking tour among the rock tombs carved on a mountain, .Enjoy!, it’s beautiful. Sailing – lunch on board. Dock at Edfu to visit the temple dedicated to the god Horus of Edfu, symbolized by a sun disk with wings of a falcon. This is one of the largest temples (height 26m, length 137m and width 79m) and best preserved of Egypt.Continuation of your navigation. Night on Fawaza.

Day 3 – Tuesday
Navigation: Fawaza – Jebel Silsila

After breakfast at the very early morning departure for a walk of about 3 hours in wadi el chott until speos of Horemheb, landscape of sand and sandstone where you will discover beautiful petroglyphs representing ships, animals and sovereigns. A beautiful morning in both sport and culture while the Sandal continues its path. You find after your hike facing Jebel Silsila. Those who have not the courage to walk can take it easy on board, of course. Night at the foot of speos of Horemheb.

Day 4 – Wednesday

After breakfast, you will discover the Jebel Silsila quarries used to build the main temples of Egypt. Rest on board while the Sandal vogue until smooth Farès where you land for a nice walk to the new land under cultivation in the desert (mango crops, banana, lemon etc … ..) and to the remains of the temple Ptolemaic Ras-Ras (including a superb representation of the god Bes). Back on board – small navigation to Maniha

Day 5 – Thursday
Navigation: Maniha – Kom Ombo – Aswan

Navigation to Kom-Ombo morning which, on a promontory overlooking the Nile, is a wonderful romance. Dedicated to two gods, Sobek the crocodile and Horus the falcon, the temple has a perfectly symmetrical architecture.Take time to admire so much beauty! Change of scenery then the market Daraw certainly a very strong moment of the trip. The largest market for animals of all Egypt is held every Tuesday and Thursday. You walk through the clutter of the popular market where colors, flavors of East and Africa are all mixed symphonies for the eyes and nostrils! Back on board for lunch and sail along the shore to Aswan at around 5 km before Aswan. Typical evening on the banks of the Nile in the company of your crew as you leave tomorrow. Last night on the Dahabeya few miles north of Aswan.

Day 6 – Friday
After breakfast, it’s time to say goodbye to your friends. Transfer to Philae temple then to the city center of Aswan

Inclusions :
Meet and assist service upon arrival & departure
All transfers by a modern air-conditioned deluxe vehicle
Accommodation on board 5 star Dahabiya on full board basis
All Nile Cruise excursions as mentioned in the itinerary
Entrance fees to all sights between Luxor and Aswan
Egyptologist guide during your excursions
All service charges and taxes
Exclusions :
Visa to Egypt
Any other optional tours if required
Tip.
Price