On our “Nebyt”, a nostalgic sailing boat, you can discover the Nile in a special way. You observe the hustle and bustle on the Nile, out of your floating hotel. The Dahabeya leads you into indescribable calmness and serenity about 200 km. along the Nile. A family atmosphere is the life on board and ensures unforgettable holiday memories – you might enjoy the special service. Furthermore, the Dahabeya docks where the large cruise have no chance and must pass

Facilities:-
• Shaded sun deck level
• Cabins with individually controlled A/C units
• First aid kit and medical attention available upon request
• Emergency handling (CPR and medic first aid) and fire trained staff
• Library with a large variety of books
• 2 sails, if wind, otherwise towed by motorboat.
• All cabins & suites feature private dial telephone

Itinerary :
6 Days / 5 Nights

Friday ex Esna

Day 01:- Friday (Esna)
Transfer to Esna and check in to the boat. We set the sails and start a fantastic and unforgettable time on the river Nile. Overnight close to El Hegz Island located in the north of Edfo. (-/L/D)

Day 02: – Saturday (El Kab – Edfo)
Enjoying our breakfast while sailing on the river Nile. Visit the city of El Kab, explore the unknown city. Discover the ancient walls, the temple and the rock-cut tombs from the new kingdom. Sailing to Edfo, have a wonderful ride by horse carriage through the village to the fantastic temple of Horus, one of the largest and best-preserved monuments of Egypt. Two beautiful granite statues of the falcon god Horus flank the entrance. Then we continue our sailing day and experience in slowly passing by the plain life of the farmers and fishermen, the picturesque and magic nature along the river Nile and the green fertile landscapes with sugar cane fields, guava-, banana- and date palm-trees. Shortly before sunset we drop anchor near Gebel Silsela where we enjoy the dinner in an atmospheric surrounding. (B/L/D)

Day 03:- Sunday (Gebel Silsela)
After breakfast we go at shore to discover the old Pharaonic quarries of Silsela with the unknown rock cut temple of Hormoheb. From the top of the mountain we enjoy a breathtaking view. Continueour relaxing sailing day. Closed to KomOmbo we stay at the edge of Mainha Island for overnight. (B/L/D)

Day 04:- Monday ( KomOmbo – Daraw-Camels market)
After breakfast we sail on to KomOmbo where we explore the exceptional beautiful temple of Haroeris (Horus the Elder) and Sobek (Crocodile God). The temple was built with two symmetric entrances, halls and sanctuaries; it is the only double temple all over of Egypt. Proceed to Daraw city, The most amazing and attractive part of this town is the unbelievable Camel Market in the south of KomOmbo we may see more 02,000 camels brought to participate in the great selling show. The rest of the day is dedicated to sailing till near Aswan. (B/L/D)

Day 05:- Tuesday (Aswan)
Today we explore the famous city Aswan, visiting the unfinished obelisk in the Pharaonic quarries, and then crossing the original barrage over the first cataract and moving to the High Dam where we have great views to the Lake Nasser and the Nile River below. A further highlight will be the motorboat ride to the romantic temple of Philae, dedicated to the Goddess Isis. In the afternoon we sail by a felucca, the traditional Nubian sailing boat to the botanic garden where Lord Kitchener indulged his passion for exotic flora. It is pleasant to walk along the island’s shady paths, enjoying its fragrances and a variety of bird life before taking another felucca back to Aswan. Dinner and overnight on board. (B/L/D)
Day 06: Wednesday Disembarkation
After breakfast, we bid farewell to the crew. Your luggage will be collected and will be ready for you to travel to your next destination. (B/-/-)

Inclusions :
05 night’s accommodation on Nebyt Dahabeya on full board basis.
Sightseeing excursions as mentioned in above
transportation by Deluxe A/C coaches
Entrance fees and qualified English speaking guide

Exclusions :
International & Domestic flight ticket
Personal expenses (laundry, telephone calls, etc…).
Beverage during meals (except the breakfast) .
Any items which is not included above.
Tips for guide, driver, Nile Cruise, etc…
Optional activities
Alcoholic Beverages
luxor sightseeing

Price

Summer Prices :
Cruise Nights 03 Nights 04 Nights 5 Nights 07 Nights
Single $0 $0 $0 $0
Double $0 $0 $0 $0
Triple $0 $0 $0 $0
Winter prices :
Cruise Nights 03 Nights 04 Nights 5 Nights 07 Nights
Single $0 $0 $0 $0
Double $0 $0 $0 $0
Triple $0 $0 $0 $0