Ms. Doina Dahabiya Nile Cruse sailing ship, offers a unique experience for those seeking to get away from it all. This romantic 36metre ship will take you on a magical sailing cruise trip from Luxor to Aswan. Imagine sitting on deck and enjoying the amazing views in wonderful tranquil silence and see the many ancient Egyptian monuments, temples, tombs and scenes beside the Nile that have not changed in thousands of years.

 

Facilities:-

Large window to enjoy a great view of the Nile in the privacy of their room.

Donia Dahabeya has 4 Cabins and 1 Suite:

4 double cabins (ca. 11 sqm) with twin or large bed,

1 Suite (ca. 22 sqm)

Private bathrooms are all equipped with shower, toilet, washing basin and hairdryer.

Air conditioning,

International Telephone

Private shower, hairdryer

Satellite-TV, DVD player

Laundry service & housekeeping

Oriental seating area

Internet access.

Water filters

Voltage 220. 24 hrs electric power supply

Accompanying motorboat to pull it in case wind is calm.

Itinerary :

6 Days Esna- Aswan

 

Every Sunday

 

Day 1: Sunday

Upon your arrival at Luxor airport / Luxor train station, you will be met and assisted by All Tours Egypt, then enjoy a tour in Luxor to visit the Valley of the kings, Hatshepsut Temple, Memenon Colossi and Karnak Temples. Later you will be transferred from Luxor to Esna for embarking your Nile Boat Overnight in Esna on board your Nile boat.( Lunch, Dinner)

 

Day 2: Monday

we gently sail en-route to Edfu, enjoy breakfast, visit Edfu Temple by horse carriage, one of the largest and most intact of Egypt’s monuments. Two beautiful granite statues of the Falcon God Horus flank the entrance. walk through the bazaar, this is an extensive bazaar where you can barter for souvenirs, spices and perfumes, then set sail for our private island “El Fouza” where we will disembark for dinner served to you on the edge of the Nile.( Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

 

Day 3: Tuesday

we set off for the relaxing journey to the temple of Gebel el Silsila, another of our less frequented destinations. You will be amazed as we tie up alongside the Speos of Hormheb. If possible dinner will be served in the grounds of the illuminated temple or on the upper deck of Boat whilst soaking up the tranquil atmosphere with music to match the mood.( Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

 

Day 4: Wednesday

Breakfast at your leisure as we sail on to Kom Ombo. Listen to the sounds of the water buffalo as they wade in the shallow water besides the banks of the Nile, the Donkeys as they go about their day to day business and the various bird life of the river. Here we visit to the Greco Roman Temple at Kom Ombo. The temple building is totally symmetrical with two entrance’s two halls and two sanctuaries dedicated to the Falcon God Haroeris (Horus the Elder) and the Crocodile God Sobek. Lunch will be served as we head for a small island where we will moor for the evening and enjoy dinner at this atmospheric location. (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

 

Day 5: Thursday

Sailing to Aswan. We should arrive around 10am, giving you plenty of time to visit some of the highlights such as the Temple of Philae and the Souk, and unfinished Obelisk You will have lots of time to prepare for our EGYPTIAN EVENING OF FUN, with Egyptian cuisine, Arabic Music. Dress in your bespoke Gallabeyah.(Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

 

Day 6: Friday

Breakfast on board your Dahabiya Nile boat, then you will be transferred to Aswan airport / Aswan train station for final departue.(Breakfast)

 

Inclusions :

Meet and assist service upon arrival & departure

All transfers by a modern air-conditioned deluxe vehicle

Accommodation on board 5 star Dahabiya on full board basis

All Nile Cruise excursions as mentioned in the itinerary

Entrance fees to all sights between Luxor and Aswan

Egyptologist guide during your excursions

All service charges and taxes

Exclusions :

Visa to Egypt

Any other optional tours if required

Tip.