Explore the beauty of The Nile by Dahabiya Nile Cruise Tours in Jasmine Dahabyia Nile Cruise offers a state of the art and fully decorated place to spend your vacation. It is an unforgettable experience to discover the bewitching Pharaonic culture through a floating hotel on the charming River Nile. Jasmine Dahabyia Nile Cruise for 5 days / 4 nights between Luxor and Aswan Sightseeing, visit the most important places in Luxor and Aswan from your Cruise. Book online with All Tours Egypt.

 

Facilities :

All cabins have large, panoramic windows

Room service

Laundry service & housekeeping

All cabins are air-conditioned

International Telephone

Sun Deck

Private bath/shower with hair dryer

Safe box

 

 

Itinerary :

Aswan / Luxor-  8 Days / 7 nights

 

Saturday ;

Embarkation in Asw for a relaxing week sailing the Nile on a luxuriously appointed dahabeya. After lunch, excursion to the Aswan High Dam (completed in 1971); the Old Dam (completed in 1902). And the unfinished Obelisk lying in site since the Pharaohs days. Overnight in Aswan.

 

Sunday ;

This morning you will also visit the Philae Temple, dedicated to the goddess Isis, a structure rescued from the rising waters of Lake Nasser at the time of the High Dam’s construction. You where you will enjoy Nubian Party. Overnight in Aswan.

 

Monday ;

Today you will sail to Gabal El Selsela where stones for the temples in Egypt were carried after the tour. Sail to Kom Ombo, and overnight.

 

Tuesday ;

This morning you will sail to El Hegz Island which takes around live hours sailing. El Hegz island is a small island which is located north Edfu, sail to Edfu to visit the wonderfully preserver Temple of Horns. Overnight moored beside a Nile island.

 

Wednesday ;

Today will be a leisurely day. After breakfast, sailing to Esna and cross next side of water level where your dahabeyya will moor overnight.

 

Thursday ;

You will visit the insignificant temple complex of Anon-Ra at Karnak, with its vast hypostyle hall of 137 columns, followed by the imposing 28 The Dynasty Luxor Temple. Overnight in Luxor.

 

Friday ;

Excursion to the West Bank for visits to the burial places of the Pharaohs – the Valley of the Kings – where Howard Carter discovered the tomb of Tutankhamen in 1922. Continue to the adjacent Valley of the Queens, the temple of Medinet Habu and the Colossi of Memnon. Overnight on the Nile banks of Luxor.

 

Saturday :

Disembarkation after breakfast.

 

 

Luxor /Aswan 8 days / 7 nights

 

Saturday ;

Embarkation in Luxor for a relaxing week sailing the Nile on a luxuriously appointed dahabeyya. After lunch, excursion to the West Bank for visits to the burial places of the Pharaohs – the Valley of the Kings – where Howard Carter discovered the tomb of Tutankhamen in 1922. Continue to the adjacent Valley of the Queens, the temple of Medinet Habu and the Colossi of Memnon. Overnight on the Nile banks of Luxor.

 

Sunday ;

You will visit the magnificent temple complex of Amon-Ra at Karnak, with its vast hypostyle hall of 137 columns, followed by the imposing 28 The Dynasty Luxor Temple. Overnight in Luxor.

 

Monday ;

Today will be a leisurely day. After breakfast, sailing to Esna and cross next side of water level where your dahabeyya will moor overnight.

 

Tuesday ;

This morning you will sail to El Hegz Island which takes around live hours sailing. El Hegz island is a small island which is located north Edfu, sail to Edfu to visit the wonderfully preserved Temple of Hours Overnight moored Reside a Nile island.

 

Wednesday ;

Today you will sail to Gabal El Selsela where stones for the temples in Egypt were carried after the tour. Sail to Kom Ombo, and overnight.

 

Thursday ;

Today visit the Ptolemaic temple dedicated to the crocodile god Sobek and the Falcon headedHour’s god of the morning sun . We sail to Aswan via Daraw and Kopania, it takes around five hours. Where you will enjoy Nubian Party. Overnight in Aswan.

 

Friday ;

This morning you will visit the Aswan High Dam (completed in 1971); the Old Dam (completed in 1902). And the unfinished Obelisk lying in site since the Pharaohs days. You will also visit the Philae Temple, dedicated to the goddess Isis, a structure rescued from the rising waters of Lake Nasser at the time of the High Dam’s construction. Overnight in Aswan.

 

Saturday ;

Disembarkation after breakfast

 

Inclusions :

Accommodation aboard 5* cruise on full board basis

All shore excursions along the Nile cruise journey

Excursions to visit Karnak temple and Luxor temples

Excursions to visit Valley of the Kings, Hatshipsut temple

Excursions to visit Edfu temple as per cruise itinerary

Excursions to visit Kom Ombo temple as per cruise itinerary

Excursions to visit Philae temple, High Dam unfinished obelisk

Excursions to visit Elephantine island& Botanical Gardens in Aswan

Felucca sailing ( typical Egyptian sailing boat ) on the River Nile

Entrance fees to all sights between Luxor and Aswan are included

Professional Egyptologist guide for all shore excursions aboard cruise

Service charges and all applicable taxes at present included

Exclusions :

Extra of personal nature

Tipping Kiitty to Cruise Crew