 The guests Of Nile Dream will have the privilege to visit exceptionally unusual monuments such as El Kab and Silsilla, to discover the temples there; you will fully feel the magic of these great places…

Nile Dream Dahabiya is 30 m long by 7 m wide and 4.5 m high. It can accommodate comfortably 6 – 8 passengers at most. And available for charter

It offers all the modern conveniences that a traveler can expect with Egyptian-style decoration, creating an atmosphere conducive to privacy.

To be called a genuine Dahabiya the boat must have no engine so sailing on one of our Dahabiya is peaceful and truly a unique Nile cruise experience.

Combining the traditional with the luxurious our Dahabiya are genuine wind-blown vessels so you can experience the beauty of the Nile at a leisurely pace as those adventurous explorers did in the early 19th century. We will only use tug boats when there is insufficient wind for sail. We do have generators to provide you with all your electrical needs.

The vision and attention to original detail in traditional boat building allied with the uncompromising luxury and comfort of modern day make traveling on our Dahabiya a matchless choice for your Nile adventure.

 

There is plenty of space on each deck to sunbathe, sit in the shade and chat or to find a quiet corner to read but for most simply to watch the world go by.

The main deck area is partially shaded where guests can sunbathe or just enjoy the ever changing view from the comfort of one of the soft furnished traditional Egyptian dickers. There are ample rattan chairs and deck chairs scattered around the deck for those passengers who like to soak up the sun and plenty of cushion strewn sofas for those who wish to relax with a book or enjoy a refreshing cup of Egyptian tea.

You will be immersed in a universe of green and desert colors and sometimes ancient vestiges. Far from the hustle and bustle of crowds, expatriation will be absolute. Relaxing and majestic at the same time

You can unwind and enjoy the gentle breeze of the Nile on the spacious wooden crafted sundeck, while falling in love with our genuine cuisine, or find your ideal spot in the intimate refine indoor setting with modern conveniences.

The Salon spans the width of the boat and is situated on the lower deck. It is comfortably furnished with lots of comfortable seating all around the room plenty of seating on all sides, an ideal place to relax and catch up on the day’s events , where you can enjoy conversations about your day’s events with your fellow passengers or just simply relax quietly with a book.

The indoor multifunctional modern lounge comes with Wi-Fi service, air conditioning, and LCD TV 40 inches

 

the Dahabiya is fully air-conditioned and has an outdoor restaurant, an indoor restaurant, a piano bar, two relaxation areas on the sun deck, , an outdoor oriental area,

 

Nile Dream Dahabiya features 1 Suite and 3 deluxe cabins, personalized and decorated with great taste, in accordance with the theme of the boat.

–              1 Suites have kinged sized beds and storage space –

One suite cabin is situated at the rear of the boat and has large Balcony (cabin size 12.5 m², balcony 3 m²).
Other suite is (13 m²) is situated at the middle of the boat and has 3 windows
 

–              Deluxe Cabins (9 m²) each cabin have either a double bed or 2 twin beds, all with plenty of cupboard space and double windows to watch the landscape go by. The windows have shutters if you prefer a darker room and they all open up to enjoy the gentle breeze as you sail along. For your comfort each window is also fitted with a mosquito screen.

Each Suite and cabin has its own large bathroom ( 3 m² ) with private window and  all the modern amenities including power showers and lots of fluffy towels – Egyptian cotton of course, perfect when returning from the desert exploration and wanting to freshen up.

They are all individually air-conditioned, safe, fire alarm, smoke detector and fire extinguisher system. Fire “Sprinkler”.

 

Meals will also be served. It will prove to be an ideal place to observe the setting sun, the stars and the moon , The evening meal is generally served on the deck but if the guests find the night air a bit too chilly the salon makes an excellent dining area

 

 

Our chef, expert in the preparation of varied, refined, healthy and very appetizing Egyptian and international dishes, proposes thematic buffets, oriental buffets, salad buffets with individual composition, all prepared from fresh produce bought daily at local villages along the Nile, tables prepared according to your preference

Barbecues and picnics will be organized on the west bank and the enchanting islands of the Nile.

 

Your meals, starting with lunch at embarkation and ending with breakfast at disembarkation, are all inclusive, along with tea, coffee and mineral water which is available at all times.

Due to the restriction of licenses in Egypt, alcoholic beverages are not served on board. However, you can take your alcoholic beverages on board, and the staff will be happy to serve them free of charge.

And for the more “curious”, you will have the opportunity to take courses of Egyptian cooking and why not learn to prepare the “Pigeon Farci

 

We offer fine dining in a relaxing atmosphere; Dining on the river Nile is always having its own magic

-ORGANIZER

Nile Dream Dahabiya is managed by Larose Tour a sound name in the field of international tourism and resorts, existed since 1985 to be unique through its highly qualified staff, providing you high quality of services, leaving a special and eternal touch in our client’s mind

Attention to details, remarkable service and a deep passion for hospitality are the bases of our work, as we strongly believe that “You have only one chance to make a first good impression”.

 

OWNER

Nile Cruises with a traditional sailing ship – a Dahabiya: An unique stylish travel experience on the River Nile!

CAPTEN – STAFF